Draft of report documentation (#2898)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/manual/reports.rst

     - The table shows the number of occurrences matching the compliance checks.
   * - Systems
     - The table gives an overview of which system types were identified on the system. This is performed based on the identified open ports, which can have one or more of the following labels: DICOM, DNS, Mail, Web, Other.
     - For each identified system type all checks are grouped together.
     - Overview of the compliance checks grouped per system type with the number of occurrences.
   * - TLS
     - The table shows which TLS protocol versions and TLS ciphers were identified on the system, including the status of the identified data. This means that if outdated protocols (such as SSL3) are identified, the table will show a recommendation such as ‘Phase out’.
     - The aggregate findings of the TLS report can be found under the safe connections checks.
     - This data is aggregated under the safe connections checks.
   * - Vulnerability
     - The table gives an overview of the identified CVE's on the system.
     - The table gives an overview of the identified CVE's on the system.

>      - The table gives an overview of the identified CVE's on the system.

Reviewer: content repeated three times?

Author: Not exactly, it's an table giving an overview of the differences per report for the normal, aggregate and multi report. The vulnerability report is similar for all three, thus the same explanation text is shown here.

Plugins
=======
Each report has both required and suggested plugins that are used to show data in the report. These plugins are shown in the report flow. You can still generate reports if not all required plugins are enabled, however a warning a message is shown and the generated report will show that not all required plugins were enabled at the time of generation.

Downloading and/or exporting a report
=====================================
The normal and multi report can be downloaded as PDF file. The aggregate report can be exported as a PDF and also as a JSON file. Just click the 'Download' or 'Export' button on the right. The JSON output can be used to create a Multi-Report and compare organisation sectors.

Generating a Multi Report
=========================
With the Multi report you can compare organisations, for example if both are similar health care institutions.
Create two organisations and make sure both organisations have data. For this tutorial they are named `CAT` and `DOG`.

#. In `CAT` generate an ‘Aggregate Report’ and export this to JSON format. Repeat this step for `DOG`.

> #. Create a third organisation called ‘BIRD’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a third organisation called `BIRD`.
```

> #. In BIRD, go to Objects > Add > ‘Upload raw file’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In `BIRD`, go to Objects > Add > ‘Upload raw file’.
```

> #. Upload both raw files (from CAT and DOG) using the mime-type openkat/report-data’.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Upload both raw files (from `CAT` and `DOG`) using the mime-type openkat/report-data’. (the mime-type will be auto-prefilled if you navigate to the upload page from the report normalizer.
```

#. Click on ‘Reports’ and click on ‘Multi Report’.

> #. Select the report data of the organisations CAT and DOG and follow the report flow steps to generate the report. If you do not see your uploaded reports please make sure you have cleared the filter first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Select the report data of the organisations `CAT` and `DOG` and follow the report flow steps to generate the report. If you do not see your uploaded reports please make sure you have cleared the filter first.
```

=======
Reports
=======

With the Reports functionality you can create reports with a specific focus.

There are 3 different kinds of reports available. These are:

- **Normal report:** selecting one or more reports will show the contents of each report below each other. These reports can be exported as PDF.

> - **Aggregate report:** selecting one or more reports will show aggregation of the data for each selected report. This means that certain results from boefjes are aggregated together and can be used to get a general overview of the current compliance status of the scanned objects. These reports can be exported as PDF and JSON.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Aggregate report:** selecting one or more reports will show aggregated data for each selected report. This means that some results are aggregated to provide a general overview of the current compliance status of the scanned objects. These reports can be exported as PDF and JSON.
```

> - **Multi report:** allow you to compare an organisation with another organisation based on the organisation tags. This is only possible for aggregate reports. The report is very similar to the data within the aggregate report, but then consists of data across multiple organisations. These reports can be exported as PDF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Multi report:** allows you to compare one organisation with another based on the organisation tags. This is only possible for aggregate reports. A multi report is very similar to an aggregate report, but shows data across multiple organisations. These reports can be exported as PDF.
```

> The table below gives an overview of which 12 reports are available. It also describes which Object is required in the selection process and whether the report is available as normal and/or as aggregate report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below gives an overview of the 12 reports available. It also describes which Object needs to be selected and whether the report is available as a normal and/or as an aggregate report.
```

Or perhaps "[...] 12 report **types** available." ?

     - Normal
   * - Vulnerability
     - Vulnerabilities found are grouped for each system.
     - Hostname
     - Normal + aggregate
   * - Web system
     - Web system reports check web systems on basic security standards.
     - Hostname
     - Normal + aggregate

Report contents:
================

The general elements and order of the three different reports are listed below:

- Normal report:
 - Introduction
 - Asset overview (selected objects, reports and plugins)
 - Output of the selected reports are listed as chapters in the following order: 
 - Findings report
 - Vulnerability report
 - Open ports report
 - Web system report
 - Safe connections report
 - System report
 - DNS report
 - Mail report
 - Name server report
 - RPKI report
 - IPv6 report
- Aggregate report
- Multi report: 

The table below gives an overview of the elements that can be found in each report type based on the required plugins:

.. list-table:: Report overview
   :widths: 25 50 25 25
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Report type
     - Normal report
     - Aggregate report
     - Multi report
   * - Standard elements
     - * Introduction 
       * Asset overview (selected objects, reports, plugins)

>      - * Summary overview

Author: Fixed

       * Recommendations
       * Asset overview
       * Basic Security overview table (groups the systems based on types and (compliance) checks to get a general impression of the current status.)
       * Vulnerabilities
       * Appendices (Terms, selected objects, reports, plugins and used config objects)

>      - Standard elements

Author: Fixed

     - The aggregate findings of the TLS report can be found under the safe connections checks.
     - This data is aggregated under the safe connections checks. 
   * - Vulnerability
     - The table gives an overview of the identified CVE's on the system.
     - The table gives an overview of the identified CVE's on the system.
     - The table gives an overview of the identified CVE's on the system.
   * - Web system
     - The table gives an overview of some basic security configurations that are recommended to be implemented. These checks are performed against the scanned systems/hosts.  Each check will show whether or not the system is compliant with this security configuration. If a lack of compliance is identified, the table below will show what compliance issue was identified with what risk.
     - The results of the web server checks against all web servers are grouped together and an overview is provided how many of the web servers are compliant with each check. If in-compliant systems are identified, a compliance issue description is provided with the corresponding risk level.
     - The number of occurences for each web check are shown. 

Report flow
===========

> On the Reports page you can generate new reports and get an overview of all generated reports. With the button 'Generate report' you get into the Report flow wizard, which can be used to choose your report, objects and plugins that are required for the report. Please note that enabling plugins during the report flow wizard will result in inaccurate data, as the plugins will take some time before they have gathered and analyzed all data. Check in the Tasks page if all tasks have completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Reports page you can generate new reports and get an overview of all generated reports. With the button 'Generate report' you get into the Report flow wizard, which can be used to choose your report, objects and plugins that are required for the report. Please note that enabling plugins during the report flow wizard will result in inaccurate data, as the plugins will take some time before they have gathered and analyzed all data. Check the Tasks page to verify that all tasks have completed.
```

Plugins
=======
Each report has both required and suggested plugins that are used to show data in the report. These plugins are shown in the report flow. You can still generate reports if not all required plugins are enabled, however a warning a message is shown and the generated report will show that not all required plugins were enabled at the time of generation.

Downloading and/or exporting a report
=====================================

> The normal and multi report can be downloaded as PDF file. The aggregate report can be exported as a PDF and also as a JSON file. In order to do this either click the 'Download' or 'Export' button on the right. The JSON output is required in order to create a Multi-Report and compare organisation sectors against each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The normal and multi report can be downloaded as PDF file. The aggregate report can be exported as a PDF and also as a JSON file. Just click the 'Download' or 'Export' button on the right. The JSON output can be used to create a Multi-Report and compare organisation sectors.
```

Generating a Multi Report
=========================

> With the Multi report you can compare organisations against each other, for example if both organisations are similar health care institutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the Multi report you can compare organisations, for example if both are similar health care institutions.
```

Create two organisations and make sure both organisations have data. For this tutorial they are named `CAT` and `DOG`.

> #. Generate an ‘Aggregate Report’ and export this to JSON format.

Author: Good catch! Fixed
